BEFORE YOU START:
- you need Unity  2021.3 or higher 
- you need HD SRP pipeline 12.1 if you use higher etc custom shaders could not work but seems they should. 
That's why we provide 12.1 version which seems to work with much higher versions aswell. 
For all higher RP versions please use 12.1 HD RP support pack.

Be patient this tech is so fluid... we coudn't follow every beta version

Step 1 
	- !!!! IMPORTANT !!!! Open "Project settings" ->"Gaphics"-> "HDRP global settings" ->  "Diffusion Profile Assets"
	and drag and drop our SSS settings diffusion profiles for foliage and water into Diffusion profile list:
		  NM_SSSSettings_Skin_NM Cloud
		  NM_SSSSettings_Skin_NM Foliage Fish
		  NM_SSSSettings_Skin_NM Foliage Heath
		  NM_SSSSettings_Skin_NM Foliage Mountain
		  NM_SSSSettings_Skin_NM Foliage Trees Mountain
		  NM_SSSSettings_Water_Forest
	Without this foliage, water materials will not become affected by scattering and they will look wrong.
	Open "HDRPMediumQuality" in project settings or "HDRPHighQuality" depends what unity use i your projectas default and:
	- LOD Bias to = 1 or 1.5


Step 2 Go to project settings and quality and set:
	- Set VSync to don't sync

Step 3 Find "HD RP Mountain Scene" and open it.

Step 4 - Choose way of movement. Movie track or free movement.
	Choose camera and turn on or off "playable director" and "animation" or leave free camera movement turned on.


Step 5 - HIT PLAY!:)

Step 6 -  Make note that unity often compile shaders even after you hit play for long time, so performance will rise up after unity end shader compilation
Wait a moment until it end. 
At urp and hd rp seams unity SRP batched batches are not counted as saved by batching so they can lead to misunderstanding.
At unity standard render scene got 1500 batches and rest is saved by batching. 
At hd and urp there is alot more batches in counter but unity don't show how much of them are batched by srp batcher.
In the past unity count srp batches into save by batching now it's not. We use srp batcher in hd and urp scenes so stats value can lead to misunderstanding. 

About scene construction:
		- There is post process profile: Post Process Volume. Manage post process by scene post process object.
		- There is Sky and Fog Volume object, It's are important like hell because basically it's the core of rendering and light management.
		- There are Density Volume objects which manage volumetric fog density in specific areas
		- Prefab wind manage wind speed and direction at the scene
		- You could adjust fog resolution, we set it to low as it's actualy most expensive thing at scene. For better devices you could use medium quality.
		- Remember to have "always refresh" at scene window turned on, its in "toggle skybox, fog and varous other effect". You can find it
		at top right at scene window. Without this option turned off fog and wind will not refresh properly at scene view, will work only at  playmode.

Play with it, give us feedback and learn about hd srp power.

